Hyperlint Automation: Meta Description Fixes (#20119)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/magic-wan/configuration/connector/network-options/network-segmentation.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: how-to
title: Network segmentation

> description: Configure network segmentation with Cloudflare Magic WAN to control LAN traffic flow, enhance security, and manage policies for specific subnets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Define policies to define if traffic should flow between your LANs without leaving your local premises, or if traffic should be forwarded to Cloudflare for additional security configurations.
```
